
# Dictionary Based Search Engine

### Team:
* Ashwin R. Bharadwaj
* Hardik Gourisaria
* Hrishikesh V
* K Shrinidhi Bhagavath

## pip install requirements.txt
Install all the relevant modules

## Main Files 
### Main.py
 - Run the search algorithm repeatedly against queries 

 - Supports Single Word, multi word, wildcard and misspelt queries
### calcPerformance.py
 - Calculate precision, recall, F1 score and accuracy of the model against 10 queries generated by elastic search 
## Dependancies
### searchengine (Custom package)
#### SearchOps.py
Contains Functions for 
 - Normal Search
 - Regex pattern Match
 - Minimum Edit Distance
 - Wildcard search
 - bigram search
#### preprocess.py
 - Read and process dataset
 - Generate Posting List
 - Generate Bigram Index
 - Generate Permuterm Index
#### pageRanking.py
 - TF-IDF based ranking
 - Frequency based Ranking
#### search.py
 - Main search wrapper that calls all other modules as required
### performance (Custom Package)
#### processTruth.py
 - Process the raw data sent by elasticsearch API
#### processExpected.py
 - Store individual results of elasticsearch as json files
#### thresholdComparison.py
 - Compare the similarity values of elasticSearch and dictionary search
#### precAccF1.py
 - Calculate performance metrics


### Problem Statement
#### Problem:
 - a) Build a search engine for Environmental News NLP archieve.
 - b) Built a corpus for archieve with atleast 418 documents.

#### Data:
 a) Use the following link for Environmental News NLP dataset. https://www.kaggle.com/amritvirsinghx/environmental-news-nlp-dataset

### Deliverables: 
Your Code should contain functionality to 
 - Search for the terms in the query
 - Create Postings list
 - Fill the Inverted Index
 - Rank the pages
 - Retrieve the data from the dictionary
 - Query response time 
 - Measure the efficiency using precision,recall,F measure.
 
### Demo:
 - Run your code and carryout the search with different queries. 
 - Retrieve the data, compile and compare metrics with any one of the search engine  like Elasticsearch, Apache Solr,Apache Lucene, Google Cloud Search, Google Desktop Search for the same corpus.
 - Measure the efficiency.

### Report:
 - You should submit a hard copy, 4
 - page summary of your project 
 - Your report should include the code snippet/algorithm used, similarity check of retrieved data obtained with your search engine and any one search engine like Elasticsearch,Apache Solr, Apache Lucene, Google Cloud Search, Google Desktop Search.
 - Interpretation of efficiency.
Last para of your report should contain your observations on the Learning Outcomes of this project.


